update docs and readme (#244)
sdrogers/nplinker: docs/install.md

python -m venv env          # (1)!
source env/bin/activate

# install nplinker package (requiring ~300MB of disk space)
pip install nplinker==2.0.0a1 # (2)! 

# install nplinker non-pypi dependencies and databases (~4GB)
install-nplinker-deps
```

1. A virtual environment is ***required*** to install the the non-pypi dependencies. You can also use `conda` to create a new environment. But NPLinker is not available on conda yet.

> 2. NPLinker v2 is still under development and released as [pre-releases](https://pypi.org/project/nplinker/#history). To install the pre-release, you have to explicitly specifiy the version. Using `pip install nplinker` will install the legacy NPLinker (v1.3.2), which is not recommended. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. NPLinker v2 is still under development and released as [pre-release](https://pypi.org/project/nplinker/#history). To install the pre-release, you have to explicitly specifiy the version. The command `pip install nplinker` will install the legacy NPLinker (v1.3.2), which is not recommended. 
```
